Update intro to mention 3.0 is core-only (#9450)
aspnet/Docs: aspnetcore/index.md

## ASP.NET Core targeting .NET Framework

ASP.NET Core 2.x can target .NET Core or .NET Framework. ASP.NET Core apps targeting .NET Framework aren't cross-platform&mdash;they run on Windows only. Generally, ASP.NET Core 2.x is made up of [.NET Standard](/dotnet/standard/net-standard) libraries. Apps written with .NET Standard 2.0 run anywhere that .NET Standard 2.0 is supported.

ASP.NET Core 2.x is supported on .NET Framework versions compatible with .NET Standard 2.0:

* .NET Framework 4.7.1 and later is strongly recommended.
* .NET Framework 4.6.1 and later.

> ASP.NET Core will only run on .NET Core starting from 3.0. See [this blog post](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/webdev/2018/10/29/a-first-look-at-changes-coming-in-asp-net-core-3-0/) for more details regarding this change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ASP.NET Core 3.0 and later will only run on .NET Core. For more details regarding this change, see [A first look at changes coming in ASP.NET Core 3.0](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/webdev/2018/10/29/a-first-look-at-changes-coming-in-asp-net-core-3-0/).
```
